Why would you message me? Look, that was my first and only time paying anyone, and i REALLY thought i was helping you out..... i have went almost 40 years hoping thay being me is enough, it appears thats not true as ive been single over 15 years abd totally isolated for over a decade. I for ao desperate i was ready to pay someone just to flirt with me and motivate me, in the form of boobs. Teasing and supporting me. Thats how pathetic i am. Im about to crash and burn, i still havent found a single person that will flirt with me. HERES THE IMPORTANT PART, I WANT YOU TO BE IN CHARGE! I NEED DIRECTION!   Thats another reason i dont wsnt to pay anyone, i want them to call the shots and pick what my project is, im WILDLY intelligent and capable of just about anything, and when i do something it gets morphed into some sort of innovative exceptional top tier whatever it is. I naturally do higher-level thinking mastering whatever the topic is then taking thay mastery and amplifying it with other related arts and knowledge i have, very few people have this skill. Look at LITERALLY the first thing i ever wrote on total accident.   Scared, scarred, strange, stubborn, sullen, sarcastic, sincere, sensitive, salacious, sacrilegious, systemically seditious, seemingly sanctimonious, semi-sane, self-scrutinizing, serotonin-starved, simple, solitary, sesquipedalian simian, seeking simulated societal salvation — sitting, swiping, scrolling, silently supplicating, sycophantically serving some small, sinister, shimmering slab — society’s silicon Satan — steadily siphoning sanity, surreptitiously supplying superfluous synthetic social stimuli. Succinctly.