So as a teenager has well even earlier than that, if you're getting into big boobs, but really solidified as a teenager, and I started making some big boob groups, because I got kicked out of a lot of groups, cause fucking big nails. And I say what I want so brand like 2 or 3 of them, and you know, I changed my Avatar to a woman and went and joined other groups and felt it out and tried to get a sense of how everybody was treating them. And that  Let me to be in, like the only guy I ever seen to just give all the women that came in Admin privileges.So when fucking god like stupid making boom , any you know , can't be her eyes protectionp yeah, I inadvertently became like popular, I guess. Or whatever? But the girls were like competing over me and I fucking hate it so much like I don't know you all deserve attention, man like you fucking love all you guys anybody anybody that wants to be a decent fucking person.  Do I fucking my only friend? Thanks. I'm fucking gay because you're like fucking cooking whatever coming over and then mixed Pizza whatever, but now I just I think I can't, I can't fucking handle women anymore, man, because when I had too many boobs and  6 women messaging me. There was 30 other ones in my inbox. I know how to play the fucking game man, wanna play the heat and now fucking 15 over 15 years, single not be touched that lived by myself for over a decade like from along the streets, nobody ever around me, anybody wants to hear me. And now that I'm in desperate fucking need and honest about it, I can't get a fucking nipple and just I just can't  Fathom, seeing somebody in desperate need and being like, oh fuck, that guy, what about pathetic? Just I don't think I'm ever gonna touch a person actually again or animal or whatever and things. Just fucking me in my hands-on both, not from now on, for lasting, 15 years on. I just hate that all the slimy shit works, and they just buy it, eat it up, man, why can't I just be gay, please? And I don't have a problem with the women themselves.  I have a problem with females and how fucking they operate in deciding like I could have pretended to have a girl friend on the internet, like a month ago and I'd be talking like 6 women now, I just don't want to manipulate and fucking do the same slimy shit, everybody else does.  When they were
