
If you've never been chronically depressed this might seem like one of those "one of these things is not like the other, one of these doesn't belong" Sesame Street type dealies. Depression will mangle your brain and soul so thoroughly that all three of them converge at a razors edge, suicide. It gets romanticized, fetishized deified. You see it as your salvation from the hell you've been stuck in. Or do you? Its just $2 on the bus, a few flights of stairs and a real conviction, or a sudden state of overwhelm away, so why do people battle it? Is it selfish reasons? Ive seen it both ways so many times im not even sure i have an opinion anymore. Yes its selfish, you are choosing what you want, what you may have wanted for a while (over 20 years in my case) You're choosing what you want at that very moment to be the zenith of your existence a microcosm of how I feel right this second to be a permanent and final statement to the world, often not seeking the consult of a single other human (which i believe to be part both cause and symptom) no concern gor their feelings now, next week or 20 years from now, or your own feelings in the future. Its made these past 15 years being single and decade in isolation (homeless in the forest, homeless in Cincinnati rehab homeless in Cincinnati rehab sober living solid job car apartment  alone) so incredibly tough. Knowing how many YEARS I spent alone and freezing outside while my sister was less than ten minutes away at her place,? Ive been very fortunate and shown a level of restraint , even under isolation stress poverty drugs and a level of loneliness i dont think can even be processed by the vast majority of people and thank God! Ive managed to make this turn around having suicide cross my mind maybe once a year, oit of self pity and loathing and honesty just disgust at how people treat each other and how its often rewarded! So I go online and try to chill in my niche groups and be as positive as possible when I haven't been kissed on my cheek but twice once by my mom and once by my grandma  in 15 years. I wanted to wind my way around to the philosophy of Emil Chioran a sentiment that I fell in love with when I heard it and REALLY want to spread around he said "without the thought of suicide,, I certainly would have killed myself" explaining that he found a great amount of solace in the omnipresent nature of the idea of suicide. Year in year out depression becomes our cognitive cohort,  hell i went a solid decade playing second fiddle in my own  cognitive cerebral council. trapped like Bruce Banner to my massive raging depression

Depressed people, only 10% of people you interact with in your life are going to even HAVE THE ABILITY to understand  you (mostly other mentally ill people but that neither includes nor precludes them from understanding ) on top of that they have to actually care about people so another 30% gone and the truth is it just sucks being around you, no spark, passion, whimsy (God i miss whimsy ) so you really just need to try your best to be as pleasant to be around the majority of people as you can be because expressing yourself to everyone and wearing your depression on the outside like you just had a $600 Hot Topic, gift card will fucking dig you down a hole, you will not come out of  You're just trying to keep from collapsing and just keep your head up, shut up, and it's not value until whatever is going on from the other angle, people that are never store are having to deal with a depressed person in their life, they're not trying to be difficult.  Not trying to be argumentative by nature, it's not a power play or an attempt for pity or so many of the misunderstandings, it's definitely not appealed. Carry just cursed this best way. I can put it, I gotta rather hae a mummy curse any day  Cause that's telling me that it's like a few years fucking mummy curse or I'd die, it'll be better judges give it a little bit of patience and manage your expectations when you go into a situation with them, cause they probably aren't very late react like you'd like him too.  They're not even doing what they like, so I don't know what you like this little thing that is trying to bridge the gap, but of the small amount of progress I've made, which you have mean to get from spending hours a day thing about murdering people in this membrane fucking, I had a huge folder of the torture I had the wheel of misfortune like the absolute fortune meal.  I was drawing baby killing factories, I had a fucking stack like 30 notebooks, just killing babies any way you can like. It's never okay and it's just cause you have bad thoughts, it doesn't make you bad person. It's that restraint is what really really shares a person and with how you treat somebody when they don't have anything to offer you.  Did you add just get down the rough outlines?And I feel make this into a story that I break down and parse out little parables 